The task:
So basically Action Recognition is a task where given a short video sequence we need to classify what action is made in this video.

The basic idea is usually to extract several single images from the video and to use some sort of a sequential model to do the classification.
While it is possible to classify with only one image, it was shown that better results are gained when using multiple images from the same video.

The dataset:
The main dataset for action recognition is called UCF-101 and can be found here: http://crcv.ucf.edu/data/UCF101.php
However, this dataset is pretty big and a bit challenging.
On this site you can find many more datasets, some of them are simpler than others, feel free to choose either UCF101 or one of the datasets
from the site below:
https://www.cs.utexas.edu/~chaoyeh/web_action_data/dataset_list.html

Model:
One of the most cited paper in the field of action recognition is called LRCN:
https://arxiv.org/pdf/1411.4389.pdf
In this paper, they show that a combination of a pre-trained visual network and an LSTM provides state-of-art results (back then of course) for action recognition tasks.

Goal:
Your goal is to implement something similar to the model presented which is trained on the dataset you choose.
Feel free to play with it and specifically :
1. End-to-end  training (ConvNet + LSTM) vs. pre-trained ConvNet vs. Pre-train + fine-tune
2. The effect of image augmentations
3. The effect of the number of images pulled from each video
4. Results while averaging on all LSTM predictions vs. using only the last prediction
Of course, these are just a few examples.

Check the paper and make sure you fully understand it.
Notice that while there aren't any TF implementations of this paper, there are a lot of TF image captioning examples which use similar architectures (ConvNet + LSTM)
See this excellent blog post as an example:
https://medium.freecodecamp.org/building-an-image-caption-generator-with-deep-learning-in-tensorflow-a142722e9b1f

Please note that the exercise main goal is helping you get to know better how to work with TF and also how to face interesting and complex algorithmic problems.
If you have any question about anything please contact me.

Add to the task:
1. add a full length sentence description
2. 